The new Global Defaults editor changes the Divi page builder paradigm and makes designing websites with Divi infinitely faster. Instead of starting with Divi’s default styles and customize each module individually, you can update your website with its own overarching design system by editing the default design of any module. This new system replaces the old Module Customizer and gives you absolute control over the default design of everything.
In the following video, you can see that after editing the default design of the header module, every page on the website gets updated with the new design. While Divi has some amazing efficiency tools such as Copy Paste Styles, Extend Styles and Find And Replace that help you build single pages super quickly, the Global Defaults editor gives you the power to manage the broader design of your entire website.
Divi’s default design is simple and meant to be a good starting point. Every module has a set of default values for each of its design settings, and that’s what gives the Divi module set its standard look. But Divi’s power lies in its customizability and most Divi websites are heavily customized and full of unique designs built by modifying those design settings. In the past, every module you added to every page needed to be uniquely designed one by one. Every single module, every single time, and that’s a lot of time. But that changes today.
To manage a module’s default design, simply click the new Global Defaults icon to flip over to the defaults editor. Here you can customize the default design of that module. Changes made here affect your entire website and the next time you add a module to a page, it will automatically assume its default design and the default values will be reflected in the settings popup. You can still further customize any individual module and overwrite its default style.


Check out for more details https://artsnet.org/divi-theme-editor-global-defaults/
